docs/reference/nft-marketplaces.md, before:

---
title: NFT marketplaces
description: A developer-focused guide to NFT marketplaces following best practices.
---
 # NFT marketplaces

 This page aims to be a guide to NFT marketplaces that make use of the best practices we've outlined on NFT School.

**We're still working on this content, so in the meantime, here are links to some of the most active NFT marketplaces today. Please [check the status of this page](https://github.com/protocol/nft-website/issues/45) and suggest improvements!**

### Visual artwork

- [Foundation](https://foundation.app/)
- [KodaDot](https://nft.kodadot.xyz/)
- [Nifty Gateway](https://niftygateway.com/)
- [OpenSea](https://opensea.io/)
- [Rarible](https://rarible.com/)
- [SuperRare](https://superrare.co/)

### Music

- [Rocki](https://www.rocki.app/)

### Collectibles

- [NBA Top Shot](https://nbatopshot.com/)
- [Myth Market](https://myth.market/)

### Game assets

- [Enjin Marketplace](https://enjin.io/software/marketplace)
- [Hoard Exchange](https://hoard.exchange/)

Commit message:

content: improve CTA on marketplaces page (#106)

docs/reference/nft-marketplaces.md, after:

---
title: NFT marketplaces
description: A developer-focused guide to NFT marketplaces following best practices.
---
 # NFT marketplaces

Below you'll find a basic list of some of the most active NFT marketplaces today. While this isn't a guarantee that all of these sites make the most of NFT best practices, they can be a good place to start when you're seeking ideas and inspiration for your own NFT development endeavors.

**If you've got recommendations for marketplaces that observe NFT best practices, please share them here! [Add your nominations to this page](https://github.com/protocol/nft-website/blob/main/docs/reference/nft-marketplaces.md) to contribute to the global community of NFT developers.**

### Visual artwork

- [Foundation](https://foundation.app/)
- [KodaDot](https://nft.kodadot.xyz/)
- [Nifty Gateway](https://niftygateway.com/)
- [OpenSea](https://opensea.io/)
- [Rarible](https://rarible.com/)
- [SuperRare](https://superrare.co/)

### Music

- [Rocki](https://www.rocki.app/)

### Collectibles

- [NBA Top Shot](https://nbatopshot.com/)
- [Myth Market](https://myth.market/)

### Game assets

- [Enjin Marketplace](https://enjin.io/software/marketplace)
- [Hoard Exchange](https://hoard.exchange/)
